ODATA-1630: Resharpened definitions of PropertyPath and NavigationPropertyPath (#235)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-csdl/14 Vocabulary and Annotation.md

`Edm.NavigationPropertyPath`, `Edm.AnyPropertyPath`, or `Edm.ModelElementPath`.
Its argument is a [model path](#PathExpressions) with the following
restriction:
- A non-null path MUST end with a [navigation property](#NavigationProperty)
or a term cast to a term whose type is an entity type or a collection of entity types.

> The value of the navigation property path expression is the navigation property or term cast, not its instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the navigation property path expression is the navigation property (not its instances) or the term (not the annotation with that term).
```

Author: Reverted this part of the change to the V4.01 text

`Edm.PropertyPath`, `Edm.AnyPropertyPath`, or `Edm.ModelElementPath`. Its
argument is a [model path](#PathExpressions) with the following
restriction:
- A non-null path MUST end with a [structural property](#StructuralProperty)
or a term cast to a term whose type is a primitive or complex type, an enumeration type,
a type definition, or a collection of one of these types.

> The value of the property path expression is the structural property or term cast, not its instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the property path expression is the structural property (not its instances) or the term (not the annotation with that term).
```

Author: What I want to express: given a type
~~~xml
<EntityType Name="Foo">
  <Annotation Term="Common.SortOrder">
    <Collection>
      <Record>
        <PropertyValue Property="Property" PropertyPath="Amount/@Measures.ISOCurrency"/>
      </Record>
      <Record>
        <PropertyValue Property="Property" PropertyPath="Amount"/>
      </Record>
    </Collection>
  </Annotation>
  <!-- ... -->
</EntityType>
~~~

Then the value of the `Common.SortOrder` annotation is
~~~json
[
  {"Property":"Amount/@Measures.ISOCurrency"},
  {"Property":"Amount"}
]
~~~
and the values of the two `PropertyPath` expressions are `Amount/@Measures.ISOCurrency` and `Amount`.

This is what I meant with 
> The value of the property path expression is the structural property or term cast

The client would use the property and term cast _names_ to construct 
~~~
$orderby=Amount/@Measures.ISOCurrency,Amount
~~~
and would not be interested in the actual instance-specific values.

Replacing "term cast" with "annotation" would confuse at least me, and I am open for a better phrase.

Reviewer: I am confused by "term cast", because a model element path must resolve to a model element. To be discussed in TC.

Author: Properties and annotations can be used interchangeably, that is (instance) annotations are a comparable to dynamic properties.

How about
```suggestion
The value of the property path expression is the path to the structural property or annotation, not its instance value.
```

Reviewer: I like that, let's discuss in TC.

Author: Aligned with V4.01 text and replaced "term cast" with "annotation".
